Dos attack: def, by injecting virus or network terrafic
	tools used : TFN and TFN2K, Stacheldracht
	 DoS Weaknesses: 1)attack stops with disinfectant 2) Hackers can be discovred

Common forms of Attack

 SYN Floods 
	A SYN flood, also known as a TCP SYN flood, is a type of denial-of-service (DoS) or 
	distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack that sends massive numbers of SYN requests 
	to a server to overwhelm it with open connections.

	Prevention:
		1) SYN Cookies
			initially no buffer allocation, instead use cookies containg hash of client's
ip address, port number, other inform. upon verfication allocate resources.
		2) Micro Blocks
			instead of allocating whole buffer segment, just allocate a litter part 
e.g (16 byte). 
		3) RST Cookies
			Server Sends a false SYN-ACK back, if receive an RST in reply then fake cleint
otherwise legitimate user

 Ping of death

	What is a ping of death attack. Ping of Death (a.k.a. PoD) is a type of Denial of Service (DoS)
	attack in which an attacker attempts to crash, destabilize, or freeze the targeted computer or
	service by sending malformed or oversized packets using a simple ping command.

 Smurf Attack
	Hacker sends out ICMP broadcast with spoofed source IP(victim ip address), 
	other pc reply to victim id and network is stopped

 Protection against Smurf attacks
	 Guard against Trojans. (firewal)
	 Have adequate AV software. (antivirus)
	 Utilize proxy servers.
	 Ensure routers don’t forward ICMP broadcasts.
 UDP Flood Attack
	- hacker send udp packets to random port, because of UDP target determines which application
 is waiting on destination port, since no app in real so it sends "destination unreacheble" to 
spoofed ip address.

Ping of flood (ICMP Flood Attack)
	huge number of ping request and very fast, netwrok slow down or disconnect
 Teardrop Attack
	 An attacker sends two fragments that cannot be reassembled properly by manipulating the
header of packet and cause reboot or halt of victim system.
 Ping of Death
	Sending a packet larger than the maximum allowable size, causing the target machine to freeze
or crash down or crash

 Land Attack
	 Simplest of all attacks
	 Hacker sends packet with the same source and destination IP
	 System “hangs” attempting to send and receive message

DDOS: Zombie or Bot, Botnet (group of compromised pcs), attack from botnet to single victim
Realworld Example:  MyDoom

More methods for prevention: firewal to filter out packets, NetStat

-Disallow traffic not originating within the network.
 Disable all IP broadcasts.
 Filter for external and internal IP addresses.
 Keep AV signatures updated.
 Keep OS and software update.
 Have an Acceptable Use Policy