Chapter 3 
MCQs Answers
==========================================================


A common Internet investment fraud is known as the:
A) Nigerian Fraud
B) Manhattan Fraud
C) Pump and dump
D) Bait and switch


A) Nigerian Fraud

What is the most likely problem with unsolicited investment advice?
A) You might not earn as much as claimed
B) The advice might not be truly unbiased
C) The advice might not be from a legitimate firm
D) You might lose money

B) The advice might not be truly unbiased


Artificially inflating a stock in order to sell it at a higher value is referred to as:
A) Bait and switch
B) The Nigerian Fraud
C) Pump and dump
D) The Wall Street Fraud

C) Pump and dump


What is the top rule for avoiding Internet fraud?
A. If it seems too good to be true, it probably is.
B. Never use your bank account numbers.
C. Only work with people who have verifiable email addresses.
D. Don't invest in foreign deals.

A)If it seems too good to be true, it probably is.


Which of the following is not one of the Security and Exchange Commission's tips for avoiding
investment fraud?
A. Don't invest online.
B. Consider the source of the offer.
C. Always be skeptical.
D. Always research the investment.

A)Don't invest online.


What are the four categories of auction fraud?
A) Failure to send, failure to disclose, sending to wrong address, failure to deliver in a timely manner.
B) Failure to send, failure to disclose, sending something of lesser value, failure to deliver in a timely manner.
C) Failure to disclose, sending money of greater value, failure to send, failure to deliver in a timely manner.
D) Failure to disclose, sending something of lesser value, failure to send, sending something of greater value.

B) Failure to send, failure to disclose, sending something of lesser value, failure to deliver in a timely manner.


A seller bidding on her own item to drive up the price is referred to as:
A) bid siphoning
B) bid shielding
C) shill bidding
D) ghost bidding

C) shill bidding


Submitting a fake but very high bid to deter other bidders is referred to as:
A) bid siphoning
B) bid shielding
C) shill bidding
D) ghost bidding

B) bid shielding


Identity theft is most often attempted in order to accomplish what goal?
A) make illegal purchases
B) discredit the victim
C) avoid criminal prosecution
D) invade privacy

A) make illegal purchases


According to the U.S. Department of Justice, identity theft is generally motivated by:
A) malicious intent
B) personal hostility toward the victim
C) economic gain
D) thrill-seeking

C) economic gain


Why is cyber stalking a serious crime?
A) It is frightening to the victim
B) It can be a prelude to violent crime
C) It is using interstate communication
D) It can be a prelude to identity theft

B) It can be a prelude to violent crime


What is cyber stalking?
A) any use of the Internet to send or post threats
B) any use of electronic communications to stalk a person
C) only use of e-mail to send threats
D) only use of e-mail to stalk a person
B) any use of electronic communications

B) any use of electronic communications to stalk a person


What will law enforcement officials usually require of the victim in order to pursue harassment allegations?
A. A verifiable threat of death or serious injury
B. A credible threat of death or serious injury
C. A verifiable threat of harm
D. A credible threat of harm

D)A credible threat of harm


If you are posting anonymously in a chat room and another anonymous poster threatens you
with assault or even death, is this person's post harassment?
A. Yes; any threat of violence is harassment.
B. Probably not because both parties are anonymous, so the threat is not credible.
C. Yes; chat room threats are no different from threats in person.
D. Probably not because making a chat room threat is not the same as making a threat in person.

B)Probably not because both parties are anonymous, so the threat is not credible.


What must exist for cyber stalking to be illegal in a state or territory?
A. Specific laws against cyber stalking in that state or territory.
B. Specific laws against cyber stalking in that nation.
C. Nothing; existing stalking laws can apply.
D. Nothing; existing international cyber stalking laws apply.

C)Nothing; existing stalking laws can apply.


What is the first step in protecting yourself from identity theft?
A. Never provide personal data about yourself unless absolutely necessary.
B. Routinely check your records for signs of identity theft.
C. Never use your real name on the Internet.
D. Routinely check for spyware on your computer.

A)Never provide personal data about yourself unless absolutely necessary.


What can you do on your local computer to protect your privacy?
A. Install a virus scanner.
B. Install a firewall.
C. Set your browser's security settings.
D. Set your computer's filter settings.

C)Set your browser's security settings.


What is a cookie?
A. A piece of data that web servers gather about you
B. A small file made that contains data and then is stored on your computer
C. A piece of data that your web browser gathers about you
D. A small file made that contains data and then is stored on the web server

B)A small file made that contains data and then is stored on your computer


Which of the following is not an efficient method of protecting yourself from auction fraud?
A. Only use auctions for inexpensive items.
B. Only use reputable auction sites.
C. Only work with well-rated sellers.
D. Only bid on items that seem realistic.

A)Only use auctions for inexpensive items.


The top rule for chat room safety is what?
A. Make certain you have antivirus software installed.
B. Never use your real name or any real personally identifying characteristics.
C. Only use chat rooms that encrypt transmissions.
D. Use chat rooms that are sponsored by well-known websites or companies.

B)Never use your real name or any real personally identifying characteristics.


Why is it useful to have a separate credit card dedicated to online purchases?
A. If the credit card number is used illegally, you will limit your financial liability.
B. You can keep better track of your auction activities.
C. If you are defrauded, you can possibly get the credit card company to handle the
problem.
D. You can easily cancel that single card, if you need to do so.

A) If the credit card number is used illegally, you will limit your financial liability.



If you are a victim of cyber stalking, what should you do to assist the police?
A. Nothing; it is their job and you should stay out of it.
B. Attempt to lure the stalker into a public place.
C. Keep electronic and hard copies of all harassing communications.
D. Try to provoke the stalker into revealing personal information about himself.

C)Keep electronic and hard copies of all harassing communications.


What is the top way to protect yourself from cyber stalking?
A. Do not use your real identity online.
B. Always use a firewall.
C. Always use a virus scanner.
D. Do not give out email addresses.

A)Do not use your real identity online.


Mehdi